Surprise what surprise
Well, tomorrow afternoon
Wait for me at the cafe in front of my house.
Then you will know
Is it so mysterious?
Well, then I'll look forward to it once.
Master Qing
Prepare a car to go to the villa
Although I don't have enough money of my own
But why is it not too late for Nengbaipu?
Just hang the villa on Song Xiaoya
Not only can you brush Song Xiaoya's favorability
It can also counterattack the white louver tree
Oh, I'm such a minister
Who is the beautiful woman waiting for?
I'm not interested in buying you a drink
Beautiful woman, don't rush to refuse
That's ten thousand dollars.
Accompany my brother for a drink, the money is yours
Take care of my brother
The car also pays
I said I'm not interested
What's the little bitch pretending to be pure?
I don't know how many people have played it behind the scenes